have you help around this song? A lot career. I'm sure we'll do it your
time. So the first thing about morale is to get the word out, get
the proper word out because there is going to be a ruminant. We're not
going. All know, we've been extended another 30 days now. We've been
extended of 60 days. Hey, did you hear? We're going Thio, Australia.
They won't think you as divisional officer's team is hit the right
word out on. People always tryto run down rumors. That's what. One
thing about the day, there will never be a shortage off scuttle butt.
And we're out there. So one away you help around is by doing that
is is getting the word out? No, we're not going to Australia. Yes,
we have been extended, but we've only been extended by two days. About
10. Okay, that that helps. You could get that word. Get out what
you can, and then you're you become know as the person that's got
the scoop. It's got the gout. So it's got the right, um, other things
helping, uh, you know, hot rocks, you know, football games or help
the group go Do something. Yeah. They won't get to get to. This is
gonna be all the things that you could help. Getting the ward out is
the most, of course, because people just want to try to plan their
lives will have their lives. You felt that.